Document generate path property (#1918)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/consume-packages/Package-References-in-Project-Files.md

</ItemGroup>
```

## GeneratePathProperty

> *Version **4.9** or above*

Reviewer: As we didn't insert into 15.9, mentioned in this issue: https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/8374#issuecomment-515607739 , we didn't support it for 15.x.
Do we need to change it to `*This feature is available with NuGet **4.9** or above and with Visual Studio 2019 **16.0** or above.*` ?

Author: Nice catch.

> Not all packages are authored in conventional manner. Very often authors would include tools in packages, and the usage story for those packages is unclear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes it is desirable to reference files in a package from an MSBuild target.
```

In `packages.config` based projects, the packages are installed in a folder relative to the project file. However in PackageReference, the packages are [consumed](../concepts/package-installation-process.md) from the *global-packages* folder, which can vary from machine to machine.

> To bridge that gap, NuGet has introduce property that points to the location from which the package will be consumed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To bridge that gap, NuGet introduced a property that points to the location from which the package will be consumed.
```

Author: committed :)
